Making the Getting Started docs more vertical (#192)
datafold/datafold-docs: docs/deployment_testing/team_cloud/how_datafold_team_cloud_works.md

- Two versions of your dbt project's `manifest.json` will be submitted to Datafold representing the state of production code as well as PR/MR code.
  - This submission of dbt artifacts happens out-of-the-box with dbt Cloud.
  - dbt Core users can set this up by adding steps to their existing CI configuration in Circle CI, GitHub Actions, or GitLab.
- Datafold uses two versions of the `manifest.json` to identify code differences.

> - Datafold queries your warehouse and run Data Diffs of modified models and downstreams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Datafold queries your warehouse and runs Data Diffs of modified models and other downstream impacts to data apps like Hightouch, Mode, etc.
```

  - Got a huge dbt project with many downstreams? Don't worry--you can set up [Slim Diff](/guides/slim_diff.md) or utilize other [configuration options](/guides/dbt_advanced_configs.md) to manage scale while ensuring critical models are diffed.

> - The results of the Data Diffs are then written directly to GitHub/GitLab and can be viewed in the Datafold Cloud application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The results of the Data Diffs are then written directly to GitHub/GitLab and more details can be viewed in the Datafold Cloud application.
```
